Final Investment declaration along with Investment proof for the Financial Year 2022-23

Hello All,

 

Please read this email Carefully and Follow through actions on your end as per the target timeline.

 

Year end is around the corner and the time has come now to submit the Actual proofs which you have declared at the start of Financial Year 2022-23. Your prompt support towards submitting the proofs within timelines will help us to compute your tax liability appropriately without any issues. Detailed Guidelines for what proofs are to be submitted, how to be submitted for claiming each exemption is attached here for your reference. Kindly follow below steps for final submission for the year ended on 31st March 2023.

 

1. Open URL https://payroll.kmsindia.in/Login.aspx.

2. Fill your Investment Declaration based on proofs you have till the date of submission.

3. Take print out of the form from the webpage and submit the same along with investment proofs to the Accounts Team.

4. Any Premium/Mediclaim due after 27th January,23 needs to be claimed via submitting past year receipts. If past year receipts are not available with you, we will not consider the same. But you have the option to claim at the time of filing your Income tax return.

5. Mutual Fund SIP will be considered for 12 months on the basis of past 9 months payment same goes with rent receipts if rent is below 15K PM.

              6. If your Taxable salary is below 5 Lakh, no need to submit any investment proofs.

              7. Since we are accepting past year receipts, no missing documents will be entertained. Your declaration with missing documents will be considered as if you have not declared your investments.

8. Employees can submit their proofs every Wednesday between 13:00 to 17:00 hours starting from 28th December 2022 till 25th January 2023.

 

Employees who have opted for the New Tax Regime can ignore this email.

 

Employees can upload their proofs  till 27th January 2023.

 

Your positive approach towards updating the investments before timelines will help us to efficiently complete the task.

After validating your documents, we will release a Provisional Tax Estimation Slip on your email. You are requested to review the same meticulously and raise your concerns within 5 working days from the date of receipt.

 

Please note that in case you are submitting your proofs on or before 5th January 2023, the effect of the same will be conferred from January Salary itself and in case you are not able to submit proofs on or before 5th January the effect of your proofs will be given from February 2023 Payroll.

 

Further if you are unable to submit the proofs within timelines i.e. 28th December 2022 till 25th January 2023, you will not be able to claim tax benefits through Payroll. Such benefits will be available at the time of filing your Income Tax return after we disburse Form-16.

 

NO CHANGES WILL BE ENTERTAINED AFTER FINAL SUBMISSION.

 

Feel free to contact me in case any clarifications are required.

